http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callSign	call sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architect	architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poles	poles
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geology	geology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionDate	demolition date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantBuilding	significant building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacity	capacity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorCount	floor count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/equity	equity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentMember	current member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/synonym	synonym
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics	athletics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceElevation	source confluence elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentType	government type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/developer	developer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerAge	lower age
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quote	quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flag	flag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEpisodes	number of episodes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTracks	number of tracks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestWin	largest win
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manager	manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusType	campus type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/other	other
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributor	distributor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/district	district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrbanDensity	population urban density
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/revenue	revenue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityType	city type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthDate	birth date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/picture	picture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedIntoParty	merged into party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerTeam	former team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/incumbent	incumbent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/effectiveRadiatedPower	effectiveRadiatedPower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patron	patron
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engineer	engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battleHonours	battle honours
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCoach	former coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanAffiliation	european affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endingTheme	ending theme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alliance	alliance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherChannel	other channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genre	genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinTown	twin city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfAbandonment	date of abandonment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIslands	number of islands
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licensee	licensee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndYear	active years end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/archipelago	archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentWork	subsequent work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/status	status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeZone	time zone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCountry	pa≈Ñstwo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents	number of doctoral students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageClassSize	average class size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralAdvisor	doctoral advisor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolNumber	school number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/result	result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/censusYear	census year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotal	population total
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor	chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jurisdiction	jurisdiction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plays	plays
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closed	closed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bridgeCarries	bridge carries
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/access	access
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProduct	gross domestic product
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColor	eye color
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religion	religion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coach	coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hipSize	hip size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightTributary	right tributary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owningCompany	owning company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/faaLocationIdentifier	FAA Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deputy	deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthMountain	mouth mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourcePlace	source place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairperson	chairperson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volume	volume
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/added	added
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastNetwork	broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/field	field
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/successor	successor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeshiftChannel	timeshift channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frozen	frozen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfConstruction	year of construction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speaker	speaker
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longName	longName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumTemperature	maximum temperature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectTeam	prospect team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroupsInYear	ethnic groups in year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBroadcastNetwork	former broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/predecessor	predecessor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/source	source
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeSize	shoe size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/code	code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPrizeMoney	career prize money
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runningMate	running mate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedAct	associated act
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentRegion	government region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/day	day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/completionDate	completion date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bodyDiscovered	body discovered
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isniId	ISNI Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceState	source confluence state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commonName	common name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayDesignation	designation of runway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationDensity	population density
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableStudent	notable student
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingEndDate	building end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageAnnualGeneration	average annual gross power generation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presenter	presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bedCount	bed count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentYear	year of first ascent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndDirection	road end direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draft	draft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartYear	building start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/description	description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouse	spouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluence	source confluence
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/denomination	denomination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedPlace	canonized place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/testaverage	testaverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents	number of postgraduate students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outflow	outflow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundingDate	founding date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityCode	municipality code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingDate	closing date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/network	network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustSize	bust size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/portrayer	portrayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/narrator	narrator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaCode	area code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionDate	dissolution date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentSeason	current season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentStatus	current status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ideology	ideology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy	influenced by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowest	lowest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podiums	podiums
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTopographicSystemMapNumber	National Topographic System map number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/undraftedYear	undrafted year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owner	owner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gridReference	grid reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commander	commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementElevation	management elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/number	number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePlace	source confluence place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderTitle	leader title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldChampionTitleYear	year of world champion title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestSettlement	largest settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff	staff
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionMajority	election majority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathYear	death year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork	notable work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/established	Established
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicComposer	music composer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iucnCategory	iucn category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathCause	death cause
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gross	gross
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialist	specialist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nlaId	NLA Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waistSize	waist size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orderInOffice	order in office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalPopulation	total population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoreLength	shore length
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/philosophicalSchool	philosophicalSchool
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoLocationIdentifier	ICAO Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceMountain	source confluence mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalArea	principal area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationAsOf	population as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainspan	mainspan
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/company	company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/background	background
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsidiary	subsidiary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/author	author
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoAirlineCode	ICAO code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/product	product
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentCompany	parent company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolBoard	school board
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/course	course
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/logo	logo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusSize	campus size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationDate	formation date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundationPlace	foundation place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector	rector
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchment	area of catchment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacityFactor	capacity factor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumElevation	minimum elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman	chairman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayLength	length of runway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assets	assets
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatedBy	operatedBy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director	film director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceNumber	service number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/slogan	slogan
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/executiveProducer	executive producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/utcOffset	UTC offset
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/length	length
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causalties	causalties
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation	affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hubAirport	hub airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/season	season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/region	region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpans	number of spans
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents	number of undergraduate students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/club	club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/analogChannel	analog channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatingIncome	operating income
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/releaseDate	release date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president	president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/area	area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitorsAsOf	number of visitors as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOf	is part of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/channel	channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colourName	colour name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relation	relation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/founder	founder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/board	board
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/basedOn	based on
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancyArea	Lieutenancy area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace	birth place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceElevation	source elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floodingDate	flooding date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/upperAge	upper age
http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos#long	long
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ratio	CalculationNeeds
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locatedInArea	located in area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/management	management
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChannel	former channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastArea	broadcast area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatingCapacity	seating capacity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/person	person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionServed	region served
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLines	number of lines
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headquarter	headquarter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondCommander	second commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachedTeam	coached team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraduateStudents	number of graduate students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assetUnderManagement	asset under management
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceRegion	source confluence region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/strength	strength
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPlace	highest place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayor	mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment	endowment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingCompany	distributing company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOrigin	state of origin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tuition	tuition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creator	creator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ageRange	age range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prominence	prominence
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDate	start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hallOfFame	hall of fame
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anniversary	anniversary
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/nick	nick
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stadium	Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fees	fees
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ground	ground
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governor	governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academicAdvisor	academic advisor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCountry	capital country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seniority	seniority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentElevation	government elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/composer	composer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capital	capital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost	provost
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allegiance	allegiance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataLocationIdentifier	IATA Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSuites	number of suites
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPlace	lowest place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokesperson	spokesperson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/material	material
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehiclesPerDay	vehicles per day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceCountry	source country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYears	active years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pseudonym	pseudonym
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/height	height
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndYear	service end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRooms	number of rooms
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/party	party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalAffiliation	national affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runtime	runtime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callsignMeaning	call sign meaning
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barPassRate	bar pass rate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean	dean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentOrganisation	parent organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anthem	anthem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/institution	institution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize	faculty size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherParty	other party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChoreographer	former choreographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationYear	formation year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCity	location city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/award	award
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/givenName	givenName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nutsCode	NUTS code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/province	province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableCommander	notable commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceo	chief executive officer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStart	route start
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathDate	death date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftTributary	left tributary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipality	municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employer	employer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/id	id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedDate	beatified date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nearestCity	nearest city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfMilitaryConflict	is part of military conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRural	area rural
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstGame	first game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToBelfast	distance to Belfast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/address	address
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/installedCapacity	installed capacity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLocations	number of locations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producer	producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndDate	active years end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalSubChannel	digital sub channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfName	is part of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartYear	active years start year
http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label	label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/virtualChannel	virtual channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareSource	share source
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestState	highest state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wins	wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryCommand	military command
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumElevation	maximum elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderParty	leader party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingTheme	opening theme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starring	starring
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/knownFor	known for
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnit	military unit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primeMinister	prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/school	school
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced	influenced
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepth	maximum depth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport	sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/name	name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceeb	ceeb
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinCountry	twin country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/netIncome	net income
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceLaps	distance laps
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicity	ethnicity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/promotion	promotion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalElevation	capital elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRural	population rural
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/postalCode	postal code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaMetro	area metro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastRepeater	broadcast repeater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairmanTitle	chairman title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/location	location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operator	operator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/block	block
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNumber	route number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/billed	billed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mountainRange	mountain range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerPartner	former partner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftTeam	draft team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weight	weight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfBurial	place of burial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionYear	dissolution year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetro	population metro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolCode	school code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/committee	committee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryBranch	military branch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/offeredClasses	offered classes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/training	training
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dischargeAverage	discharge average
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/territory	territory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/writer	writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumDischarge	minimum discharge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundingYear	founding year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notes	notes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/island	island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/title	title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolved	dissolved
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/place	place of military conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementPlace	management place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthElevation	mouth elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingYear	opening year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/county	county
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDate	end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editing	editing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/showJudge	showJudge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToEdinburgh	distance to Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnitSize	military unit size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWin	first win
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/keyPerson	key person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demonym	demonym
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viafId	VIAF Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruptionYear	eruption date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governorGeneral	governor general
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherName	other name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepth	average depth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerTitle	manager title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/division	division
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/budget	budget
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/language	language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ranking	ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColor	hair color
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentPerson	person that first ascented a mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headLabel	head label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorIsland	major island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace	resting place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membership	membership
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fansgroup	fansgroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDate	election date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/identificationSymbol	identification symbol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/occupation	occupation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEvent	previous event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName	leader name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relative	relative
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectLeague	prospect league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frazioni	frazioni
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentMountain	government mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/team	team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geologicPeriod	geologic period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAboveAverageTerrain	height above average terrain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/combatant	combatant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceMountain	source mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/series	series
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/garrison	garrison
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/education	education
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriver	fastest driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/almaMater	alma mater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/networth	networth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publiclyAccessible	publicly accessible
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/position	position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanParliamentGroup	european parliament group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/salary	salary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaLand	area land
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/part	part
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/office	office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daylightSavingTimeZone	daylight saving time zone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imdbId	IMDB id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fate	fate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participant	participant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCallsign	former call sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastAirDate	last air date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/role	role
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCodeRegion	ISO region code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/league	league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandStructure	command structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/date	date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rating	rating
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/instrument	instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthYear	birth year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralStudent	doctoral student
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type	type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriver	first driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLanes	number of lanes
http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos#lat	lat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governingBody	governing body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/residence	residence
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrimeMinister	vice prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tenant	tenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRestaurants	number of restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/production	production
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftYear	draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastStationClass	broadcast station class
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAppearance	first appearance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/destination	destination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/border	border
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousWork	previous work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterStation	sister station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoots	shoots
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedMusicalArtist	associated musical artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamName	team name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestMountain	lowest mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutTeam	debut team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalAffiliation	international affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/metropolitanBorough	metropolitan borough
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenant	lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorArea	floor area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaWater	area water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationIdentifier	Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPick	draft pick
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/map	map
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverMouth	river mouth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maintainedBy	maintained by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentCountry	government country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currency	currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country	country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRegion	highest region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/overallRecord	overall record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spike	spike
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingDate	opening date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftTeam	wha draft team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus	campus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageOfAreaWater	percentage of area water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/builder	builder
http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/description	description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthCountry	mouth country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents	number of students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordLabel	record label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartDirection	road start direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentMountainPeak	parent mountain peak
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/saint	saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionDate	extinction date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalManager	general manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaUrban	area urban
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFilms	number of films
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedDate	canonized date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotal	area total
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meaning	meaning
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace	population place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotalRanking	total population ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundedBy	founded by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality	nationality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackLength	track length
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeJunction	route junction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeArena	home arena
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partner	partner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorShrine	major shrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetroDensity	population metro density
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPlace	government place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programmeFormat	programme format
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/related	related
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePresident	vice president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementMountain	management mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPlace	mouth place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appointer	appointer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championships	championships
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architecturalStyle	architectural style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watershed	watershed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTeams	number of teams
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hometown	home town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purpose	purpose
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighboringMunicipality	neighboring municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolunteers	number of volunteers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartDate	building start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city	city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distance	distance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeasons	number of seasons
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedBand	associated band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantProject	significant project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battle	battle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequency	frequency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour	official school colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lccnId	LCCN Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parent	parent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartDate	active years start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/councilArea	Council area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalRegion	capital region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataAirlineCode	IATA code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumTemperature	minimum temperature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oversight	oversight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetAirport	target airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/races	races
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state	state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfBurial	date of burial
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name	name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disbanded	disbanded
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clubsRecordGoalscorer	clubs record goalscorer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceRegion	source region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debut	debut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot	mascot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signature	signature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/college	college
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto	motto
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDischarge	maximum discharge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discharge	discharge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/origin	origin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/portfolio	portfolio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAirDate	first air date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/monarch	monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareDate	share date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationally	internationally
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthName	birth name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/toll	toll
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableIdea	notableIdea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevation	elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbreviation	abbreviation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStaff	number of staff
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeTypeAbbreviation	route type abbreviation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crosses	crosses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inflow	inflow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthRegion	mouth region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName	former name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/opponent	opponent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rival	rival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federalState	federal state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depictionDescription	depiction description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/river	river
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestMountain	highest mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestLap	fastest lap
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDublin	distance to Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/veneratedIn	venerated in
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/squadNumber	squad number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastTranslator	broadcast translator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child	child
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highschool	highschool
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentPartner	current partner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor	vice chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParkingSpaces	number of parking spaces
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/year	year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secretaryGeneral	secretary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/era	era
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/followingEvent	following event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/university	university
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroup	ethnic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worstDefeat	worst defeat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countySeat	county seat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitedStatesNationalBridgeId	United States National Bridge ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwaySurface	surface of runway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associate	associate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolPatron	school patron
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraft	wha draft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionYear	extinction year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedPlace	beatified place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrban	population urban
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryRank	military rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitors	number of visitors
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerClub	manager club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingLabel	distributing label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareOfAudience	share of audience
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalChannel	digital channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainer	trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace	death place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEnd	route end
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/splitFromParty	split from party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facilityId	facility id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alias	alias
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lounge	lounge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainInterest	main interest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collection	collection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/profession	profession
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartYear	service start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftRound	draft round
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leader	leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestCity	largest city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classes	classes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canton	canton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/width	width
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToLondon	distance to London
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEmployees	number of employees
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStations	number of stations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cost	cost
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head	head
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/citizenship	citizenship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cinematography	cinematography
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nrhpReferenceNumber	NRHP Reference Number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/individualisedGnd	individualised GND number
